Part 2 – Agile stand-up meeting, client demo, retrospective

Due date

Week of February 27, 2017

This is a 30-minute group interview grading meeting to be scheduled online. All group members must attend for credit. If you cannot find a time that works for everyone, you will need to email the instructor before the sign-up deadline to organize a different time.

One member of the team must sign up online for this meeting on Moodle. When you attend, you must present a piece of paper as you enter the meeting with your team name and a list of all members on the team (first and last name). There is nothing to submit online for this part of the project.

Standup

The first five minutes only will be the standup (you need to stand-up for the standup meeting). The purpose is to experience an Agile format daily stand-up meeting. In industry we usually take turns answer the following three questions:

What did you do yesterday?
What are you doing today?
Are there any obstacles stopping you from doing your tasks?
We will modify this slightly to be “last week” and “next week” since you are probably not working on the project every day.

What did you do last week?
What are you doing next week?
Are there any obstacles stopping you from doing your tasks?
These questions are not asked during the meeting. Someone just starts:

“Yesterday I worked on setting up the database so we can add the tables. Today I will be working on creating the tables we need. No obstacles.”

Then the next person goes.

Obstacles are specifically things that that someone else needs to finish as they are preventing you from completing the tasks currently assigned to you. Therefore, “I don’t know Ember.js, so I need to learn it” is not an obstacle because you can fix that. “I need the DBA to create the tables so I can start adding the data into the database” is an obstacle.

If you are late or miss the standup (the first five minutes of your scheduled meeting), you will get a zero for the standup portion. You can still get credit for the demo and retro.

Demo

The objectives for the demo are:

Prepare and present a quick end-of-Sprint demo to the client.
Present using remote meeting software (commonly used if you work-from-home and to communicate with off-site clients).
Participate in a team Agile Sprint Retrospective.
The first 5-10 minutes is the end-of-sprint demo. Create a presentation slide-show covering what you have accomplished so far (just 1-2 slides listing/describing/ pictures of new features) and then do a demo of the features that currently work (hopefully you have something!). Do not show code or the database – pretend your client is not a technical person!

Your whole group needs to be present in person for this demo. To experience what a remote session is like, you will create a http://join.me account and invite the grader to practice connecting a remote session. Join.me has a limit to the number of users logged in (free version) so only the TA and 1 or 2 team members will log in to Join.me. The rest of the group will look at one of their team’s screens.

Retrospective

Once you finish your sprint demo to the client, you will start the end-of-sprint retrospective. Read up on the techniques described here.

Your goal will be to have a set of team rules to use moving forward of things that worked well and what you want to improve on. Some examples may be: all team members need to use Google Hangout to easily notify the rest of the team if they are stuck or issues that arise; if a team member is more than five minutes late for a meeting, they have to bring cookies to the next meeting.

Either hang a post-it on the wall or write on the whiteboard/chalk board for each category:
What went well (keep doing),
What didn’t work (stop doing), and
How we can improve (start doing).
For the first five minutes each member will individually and quietly write out items for each category on post-it notes provided by the TAs (one note per post-it).
When time is up, silently have everyone post up their note in the appropriate category.
Now divide your team into two groups.
One group will analyze the Keep Doing and Start Doing, and the other group will analyze the Stop Doing. The analysis should be to cluster similar themes together within a category.
Each group reports on their findings for each category in order: Stop Doing, Keep Doing, Start Doing.
Whole team makes decisions about how to make use of this information, what they may change moving forward.

For example, you may come up with a decision that “When a team meeting is agreed upon, all members will show up on time.” or “We get into these heated arguments, if someone calls ‘time-out’ then we will stop and focus on listing the pros and cons of each side.”

The idea at each Sprint retrospective is to help the team improve as a cohesive unit moving forward. This will totally depend on the team dynamics and every team ends up with different dynamics and different rules/guidelines.