Part 6 - Final Submission

Due date

May 4, 2017 at 6:00 pm

This last part will be graded based on the amount of effort, overall project, and use of tools and methodologies throughout the semester.

You must deploy your project and store your project source code, test cases, and documents in GitHub. To submit your project, one member of your team must submit a pdf with the names of everyone in your group and a link to these materials and access permission. The pdf document must have the following in the order provided as a list or table (not an essay!):

Title: of the project
Who: Names of each person in the group
Project Tracker:
Link to your Project Tracker (Liz and TAs have access)
Screenshot showing your project in your project tracker
(Optional) Video: 5 minute or less video demonstrating your project. Your audience is a potential customer or person interested in using your product.
VCS: Link to your VCS Repository (Liz and TAs have access)

We will check to ensure the following are stored in your repository:

Source code (throughout the semester)
Test cases
Auto-documenter documents
Video of demo (optional)
README.md in GitHub explaining to others what your project is about.
Project Part 5 document named ProjectTitle_Part6.pdf
Screenshot of each member’s contributions throughout the semester from GitHub: e.g.,
Deployment: Link to deployment environment or explain how to access/run.
Auto-doc: The purpose is to run an auto-documenter on your code base. While Doxygen is very common (and Javadoc is used for Java), you may need (or want) to use another documenter. Make sure you choose a documenter that produces a PDF file or an HTML website.
List which program you did
Link to GitHub where the auto-generated docs are
Note: if you ran the program without adding any comments, you will receive a zero for the Auto-doc part. The purpose is to learn how to write the comments to properly document your code that are picked up by an auto-documenter. We will spot check a portion of your code to ensure it is documented properly.

Be sure to:

Ensure the TAs all have access to all links for grading
Tag your repo with “Final Submission” (make sure to push your tag to your repo)
Include a README in your repo:
Describe repo organization
Describe where to find and/or how to build the docs o Describe how to build/run/test/etc code
If using a CI system, provide link to the CI status page