Part 5 - Presentation

Due date

May 1–5, 2017

The purpose of the presentations is to practice presentation skills, inspire your colleagues, and discuss the challenges you faced and how you got through them.

Your presentation requires all members to be present and standing up front. If you are not present for the presentation you will get a zero for the presentation portion of the project. Each team member must discuss something about the project during the presentation.

You should cover the following items in whatever creative way you wish.

Title of the project
Names of each person in the group
All the tools your group used
Name of the tool, logo, and purpose (e.g., Project Tracking, VCS)
Your group’s rating on how useful/good this tool/methodology was (ranked 1..5 where 5 stars is best and 1 star is useless)
Methodologies
Iterative, Waterfall, Agile, TDD, pair programming, peer code reviews, other…
Expected tools
Project Tracker
VCS Repository
Database
Testing
Auto-documenter
Deployment environment
(Optional) Additional tools you may have used
IDEs (e.g., Eclipse, Code::Blocks, xCode)
Frameworks (e.g., Laravel, Ruby on Rails, Node.js, Android Studio)
Hardware (e.g., Raspberry Pi, Arduino)
Challenges you encountered, and how you overcame them and how it may have affected your original project plans.
Demo your project
You only have around 5-7 minutes (exact times announced in lecture) to present! (including setup time). Feel free to practice ensuring your computer hooks up to the projector the week or so beforehand. (Hint: to mirror displays on a mac, press cntrl-f1).

Hint: Because you have a limited amount of time to present, make use of images – remember, a picture says a thousand words! Designing good pictures/infographics can really enhance a presentation! You can show a picture of your repository or project tracker, etc. to show how you made use of the tools. Be sure to use a minimum of 20-point font for all text so everyone can read it.

Presentations should appear as if created by a single person but should clearly demonstrate that all team members were involved. A group or company should always present a unified front to a client/customer/etc. Therefore be sure there is consistency throughout your presentation (theme, colors, fonts, grammar, tense [past/present], etc).

Presentations will be during the last week of classes or so.

Please respect each other: On presentation days, please do not enter or leave the lecture room while a group is in the middle of presenting. Please wait until they finish and the next group starts setting up so as not to disrupt their presentation.

One member of your team must commit to GitHub the following:

Copy of the presentation
Submit a pdf file named: ProjectTitle_Part_5.pdf or .ppt where ProjectTitle is the name of your project.
